[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: Don't worry about
creating the Travis.yml right now, and
just worry about updating
all of this stuff and.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, let's see,
I actually hadn't thought about
the fact that we're on
a separate branch altogether.
You're gonna wanna watch this one too.
So, we're gonna go ahead and
create a new branch.
So git branch, shoot,
no, I have an alias for
creating a new branch, and now I
can't remember how to do it normally.
gitconfig.
Yeah, yeah.
git checkout -b [LAUGH], and
we'll just call this
one (temp) --no-verify.
I think we've got some
stuff kind of broken here.
Hold on.
Yeah, and then we'll git add everything,
so sorry,
these are the commands, git checkout,
whatever you wanna call it, whatever
you wanna call your temporary branch.
We'll just call it (temp) --no-verify, and
then we'll git commit -an 'it is mine!'.
Commit that.
This error that we're getting is
because we cloned this thing anew.
And we haven't installed
all the dependencies yet.
And so, git hooks is having trouble.
So, you don't need to worry about it,
you just go ahead and no-verify.
Okay, what is that?
>> Kent C Dodds: That's weird,
go ahead and remove your node mod.
Well, goodness gracious, what is this?
>> Kent C Dodds: Okay, so
we're gonna just get rid of our git hooks.
However you remove directories in
your platform, I'm using rm -rf,
and this would be in .git/hook,
just delete that.
And then you won't need
to worry about git hooks.
>> Kent C Dodds: And then, we're going
to totally swap out the Master branch
with our temporary branch that we made,
and push that, yeah.
I knew this was gonna be
really complicated [LAUGH].
I hope that some people
are able to follow along.
We will have time to let you do this.
I really love to have a couple of people
at least to be able to publish this stuff.
>> Student: So,
right now we're on the 0.8 branch, right?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah,
we're making changes from the 0.8 branch.
And so you make all of your changes, and
then you check out a new
branch called temp.
And then we're going to, let's see,
git branch -D, so
with a capital D, master.
Once I'm done with doing all this stuff,
I'm gonna take all these commands and
I'll put them in the chat.
So, don't worry about
memorizing all these commands.
So we're gonna delete the master branch.
And then we're gonna move temp to master.
>> Kent C Dodds: Bad source.
Source is temp, destination is master.
>> Kent C Dodds: Wait, no,
that's not the command.
It's branch, okay.
Change then name of the branch get.
I Google sometimes, yeah.
git branch -m temp master.
Okay so now you're on master, you can
git push -f to force push on master,
which is something you should
never ever do except right now.
[LAUGH] Okay and
that's as far as I want you to get, so
a lot of stuff, let me put all this
stuff in the chat, yeah and then.
>> Student: So
where'd you get the temp name?
>> Kent C Dodds: I just made it up.
>> Student: Did you rename or did you-
>> Kent C Dodds: So
that happened when I-
>> Student: Checked it out?
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, when I checked out
the new branch, so before I was on browser
build, and then I said git checkout,
create new branch called temp.
>> Student: I didn't see that, okay.
>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, so that's why
I'm gonna copy all these to the chat so
you all can see it.
But yeah, then hopefully we can
get some of you onto this stuff.
So let me pull up
Frontend Masters chat here.
>> [SOUND]
>> Kent C Dodds: Goodness gracious,
this thing is not super.
This little plugin for the add-on is
great, but it's not always perfect.
>> [SOUND]
>> Kent C Dodds: So
once you've made all of your changes,
then.
>> Kent C Dodds: These are the commands
that you're gonna run.
You'll check out a new branch,
whatever you wanna call it.
>> Kent C Dodds: Actually first
you just go ahead and git rm,
or rm -rf.git, or
however you do it on Windows.
Just basically delete that branch or
that folder.
Then you'll check out
a new branch called temp.
And you can commit all of your stuff.
>> Kent C Dodds: And
then you will delete the master branch.
>> Kent C Dodds: And then you'll
move the temp branch to master,
which will move you to master.
And then you'll push with force.
>> Kent C Dodds: And with that, if you
open up your browser to your fork refresh,
you should that that you
recently made changes, and
you should see the name of your library,
and all of your changes should be in here.
And this is what you're
gonna use to set up and
publish your module and
all that fun stuff.